add users and roles section - TEDU-130 (#108)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/users_roles/managing_roles.rst

.. vale off

Roles
#####

.. vale on

> Access to Mautic instances is controlled by creating accounts for Users and associating them with a Role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control access to Mautic instances by creating accounts for Users and associating them with a Role.
```

Vale fixes

* **Edit** - this allows the Users with this Role to make changes to this part of Mautic

* **Create** - this allows the Users with this Role to create new resources in this part of Mautic

* **Delete** - this allows the Users with this Role to delete resources in this part of Mautic

* **Publish** - this allows the Users with this Role to make resources in this part of Mautic available by publishing them

* **Full** - this allows the Users with this Role all of the permissions.

There are permission levels relating to resources the User has created themselves, and those created by others:

* **Own** - this allows the Users with this Role to ``view/edit/delete/publish`` their own resources in this part of Mautic, but not those created by others

* **Others** - this allows the Users with this Role to ``view/edit/delete/publish`` their own resources in this part of Mautic, and those created by others

There are permission levels relating to being able to manage resources:

* **Manage** - this allows the Users with this Role to manage resources in this area of Mautic for example, managing custom fields or Plugins.

> There are permission levels relating to what fields in the Users section can be edited:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are permission levels relating to the editable fields in the Users section:
```

* **Specified fields** - allow or deny the Users with this Role to edit specified fields in the Users section for example, Name, Username, Email, Position.

* **All** - this allows the Users with this Role to edit all fields relating to the Users section

.. note:: 

  User permissions restrict their view of dashboard widgets, resulting in them only seeing widgets for items or feature bundles they have permission to see. 
  

>   For example, if a User’s Role doesn’t have Asset permissions, they can’t create widgets on the dashboard for Asset data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, if a User’s Role doesn’t have Asset permissions, they can’t create or view widgets on the dashboard for Asset data.
```

>   For example, if a User’s Role doesn’t have Asset permissions, they can’t create or view widgets on the dashboard for Asset data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, if a User's Role doesn't have Asset permissions, they can't create or view widgets on the dashboard for Asset data.
```
